feat: New Ember docs (#2124)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/guides/ember/ember2.mdx

---

If you're using `Ember 2.x`, you can use Sentry's Ember integration.

To use Sentry with your Ember application, you will need to use Sentry’s browser JavaScript SDK: `@sentry/browser`.

On its own, `@sentry/browser` will report any uncaught exceptions triggered from your application.
To use ESM imports without any additional configuration, you can use `ember-auto-import`
by installing it with `ember install ember-auto-import`.

Starting with version `5.x` our `Ember` integration lives in its own `@sentry/integrations` package.
Install the package using either `npm` or `yarn`:

```bash {tabTitle:npm}
npm install --save @sentry/integrations
```

```bash {tabTitle:yarn}
yarn add @sentry/integrations
```

Then add to your `app.js`:

```javascript
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/browser";
import { Ember as EmberIntegration } from "@sentry/integrations";

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  integrations: [new EmberIntegration()],
});
```

If you are using the CDN version or the Loader, we provide a standalone file for every integration, to set it up [check out our CDN documentation](/platforms/javascript/configuration/install/cdn)

> <!-- TODO-ADD-VERIFICATION-EXAMPLE -->

Reviewer: This is using the JS example - which is completely fine if it's technically correct.

---
title: Ember 2.x
redirect_from:
  - /clients/javascript/integrations/ember/
---

To use Sentry with your Ember application, you will need to use Sentry’s browser JavaScript SDK: `@sentry/browser`.

On its own, `@sentry/browser` will report any uncaught exceptions triggered from your application.
To use ESM imports without any additional configuration, you can use `ember-auto-import`
by installing it with `ember install ember-auto-import`.

Starting with version `5.x` our `Ember` integration lives in its own `@sentry/integrations` package.
Install the package using either `npm` or `yarn`:

> ```bash

Reviewer: Do you want to use a <PlatformContent includePath="foldername" /> for this code sample?

Author: > use a for this code sample

Can you elaborate?

# Using yarn
yarn add @sentry/integrations

# Using npm
npm install @sentry/integrations
```

> Then add to your `app.js`:

Reviewer: Do you want to use a <PlatformContent includePath="foldername" /> for this code sample?

```javascript
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/browser";
import { Ember as EmberIntegration } from "@sentry/integrations";

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  integrations: [new EmberIntegration()],
});
```

> If you are using the CDN version or the Loader, we provide a standalone file for every integration, which you can use as follows:

Reviewer: We moved the CDN content out of the core JS Getting Started, so feel free to point to that as appropriate - https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/configuration/install-cdn/

---
title: Ember 2.x
redirect_from:
  - /clients/javascript/integrations/ember/
---

To use Sentry with your Ember application, you will need to use Sentry’s browser JavaScript SDK: `@sentry/browser`.

On its own, `@sentry/browser` will report any uncaught exceptions triggered from your application.

> In order to use ESM imports without any additional configuration, you can use `ember-auto-import`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use ESM imports without any additional configuration, you can use `ember-auto-import`
```

by installing it with `ember install ember-auto-import`.

> Starting with version `5.x` our `Ember` integration lives in it's own package `@sentry/integrations`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version `5.x` our `Ember` integration lives in its own `@sentry/integrations` package.
```

> You can install it with `npm` / `yarn` like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the package using either `npm` or `yarn`:
```

```bash
# Using yarn
yarn add @sentry/integrations

# Using npm
npm install @sentry/integrations
```

> Then add this to your `app.js`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then add to your `app.js`:
```

```javascript
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/browser";
import { Ember as EmberIntegration } from "@sentry/integrations";

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  integrations: [new EmberIntegration()],
});
```

> In case you are using the CDN version or the Loader, we provide a standalone file for every integration, you can use it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the CDN version or the Loader, we provide a standalone file for every integration, which you can use as follows:
```

> like this:

Reviewer: go ahead and remove this line as it's now part of the prior one.

Author: Fixed 👍 . I believe you can do multi-line suggestions now, iirc, https://github.blog/changelog/2020-02-26-multi-line-code-suggestions-beta/
